detection component documentations (#42)
robocomp/robocomp-robolab: components/detection/test/activityRecognitionClient/README.md

Overall, the whole pipeline involves 4 components: `activityRecognition`, `activityRecognitionClient`, `poseEstimation`, `cameraSimple`. see below the communication diagram to understand the process.

![Communication diagram](HAR_interaction.png)

## Resolving dependencies

This section assumes the user has already installed the RoboComp core library and pulled Robolab's components according to this [README guide](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp).

Before using the component, the user needs to install the necessary libraries:
```
pip install numpy opencv-python
```

## Configuration parameters
As an example, `ActivityRecognitionClient` component parameters are characterized in config file described below:

```
# Proxies for required interfaces
ActivityRecognitionProxy = activityrecognition:tcp -h localhost -p 12253
PoseEstimationProxy = poseestimation:tcp -h localhost -p 12254
CameraSimpleProxy = camerasimple:tcp -h localhost -p 10005

# This property is used by the clients to connect to IceStorm.
TopicManager.Proxy=IceStorm/TopicManager:default -p 9999

Ice.Warn.Connections=0
Ice.Trace.Network=0
Ice.Trace.Protocol=0
Ice.ACM.Client=10
Ice.ACM.Server=10
```

> You must ensure the proxies' hostname and port number of `ActivityRecognitionProxy`, `PoseEstimationProxy` and `CameraSimpleProxy` for correct communication between components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must ensure the proxies' hostname and port number of `ActivityRecognitionProxy`, `PoseEstimationProxy` and `CameraSimpleProxy` match the endpoints in the config files of the corresponding interfaces.
```
